Remove Deployment-specific IP address topics (#3242)
astronomer/docs: astro/connect-gcp.md

1. In the Cloud UI, click your Workspace name in the upper left corner, then click **Organization Settings**.
2. Click **Clusters**, then select a cluster.
3. In the Details page, copy the IP addresses listed under **External IPs**.
4. Add the IP addresses to the allowlist of any external services that you want your cluster to access. You can also access these IP addresses from the **Details** page of any Deployment in the cluster.

> After you allowlist a cluster's IP addresses, all Deployments in that cluster are allowed to access your GCP resources. When you use publicly accessible endpoints to connect to GCP, traffic moves directly between your Astro cluster and the GCP API endpoint. Data in this traffic never reaches the Astronomer managed control plane.

Author: ```suggestion
After you allowlist a cluster's IP addresses, all Deployments in that cluster have network connectivity to GCP. When you use publicly accessible endpoints to connect to GCP, traffic moves directly between your Astro cluster and the GCP API endpoint. Data in this traffic never reaches the Astronomer managed control plane. Note that you still might also need to authorize your Deployment to some resources before it can access them.
```
